okay one quick thing before I get a been
before Amy's vision testing look what I
found that's a take a gander at this
cool
cool cool adapted house music is
probably no music to browse seven
continent first happening specialization
one two three four five six seven seven
times in seven castles oh I don't know
how many continents there are where
homes oh so we can we see movies that's
moving
she's real a lot of movies but we'll
focus on that later any more things that
we can look at it secret documents
there's secret don't tell anybody
use the right using the right jump by
tapping jump lines in for a low altitude
quick jump perf goings of shallow stairs
at top speed when you're on fine without
you losing your face ok so they're just
telling you a different stuff ok so
anyway again next time on let's play
sonic unleashed amy gets a vision
screening or vision test we find out
that she's completely blind he's weird
flies hey my fight I'm playing back to
the main menu now it's the title screen
cuz I'm just assuming that it has an
autosave feature bye buddy see you
tomorrow when I bar today when I blow
these videos to upload these videos
tomorrow because I need to get to bed
bye